gowizard
========

Tired of adding the same files every time you create a new Go project?  
Don't know how to structure it?  
Don't know how to apply the license?

**gowizard** creates the base for new Go projects since the chosen project
type, and it adds the license header to source code files.

To know about decisions as markup language and licenses to choose, see
documentation in directory *doc*.


## Installation

	git clone git://github.com/kless/gowizard.git
	cd gowizard && ./Install.sh && cd -


## Configuration

The file named ***.gowizard*** is created during installation in your home
directory. It allows set the flags *-Author*, *-Author-email*, *-License*, and
*-vcs*, with a value by default.


## Operating instructions

### Create

The required flags to build a new project are *-Project-type*, *-Project-name*,
*-License* ,*-Author*, *-Author-email* and *-vcs*; *-Author-email* is not
necessary when the author is an organization (*-org*).

By default, the package name (*-Package-name*) for a program (app, tool) is
named as the project name. For other types of project, it is removed "go-" from
project name.

The flag *-vcs* indicates the version control system to use, which allows to add
the appropriate ignore file.

Example:

	gowizard -Project-name=goFoo -Author="John Foo" -Author-email="e@mail.com" \
	-Project-type=lib -License=gpl-3 -vcs=git

If the configuration file has been set, then it could be shorter:

	gowizard -Project-name=goFoo -Project-type=lib

Useful flags:

+ ***-i***: the interactive mode is a simple way to get all required
information, showing the required choices for the flags that need it.

+ ***-d***: prints both values to pass to the templates.

### Update

It is possible to update a project already created; to get it, *gowizard* has to
be run in the project directory (where the file Metadata). It is used the flag
*-u*, and the values that can be changed are *-Project-name*, *-Package-name*
and *-License*.

So that the header comments in source code files are updated correctly, the
notices of copyright and license have to be separated of another comments by at
least one blank line.

Note that files are backed up adding "~" to the file name.

Example:

	cd gofoo
	gowizard -u -Project-name=goBar -License=bsd-2 -v

### Suggestions about naming

While the projects are sometimes named *go* to make clear that the packages are
for Go, the packages themselves need not be.

### Maintenance

Copyright notices only need the year the file was created, so don't add new
years.

**Warning:** Don't edit section *CORE* in file Metadata, since it is necessary
to update it, if were necessary.


## Copyright and licensing

***Copyright 2010  The "gowizard" Authors***  
See file AUTHORS and CONTRIBUTORS (if any).

Licensed under **BSD-2 Clause license**.  
See file LICENSE.


## Contact

To contact, send e-mail through [github][1].


## Known bugs

To reporting bugs, please login and create a new issue [here][2].


## Credits and acknowledgments

For credits, see file AUTHORS and CONTRIBUTORS (if any).


## ChangeLog

For changes between releases, see file NEWS; and for changes between the commits,
see the [commit history][3].


* * *
*Generated by* **myself**


[1]: http://github.com/kless
[2]: http://github.com/kless/gowizard/issues
[3]: http://github.com/kless/gowizard/commits/master

