Metadata
========

Based on Metadata for Python Software Packages.

Description of fields that are not set via *flag*:

+ ***Version:*** A string containing the package's version number.

+ ***Summary:*** A one-line summary of what the package does.

+ ***Download-URL***: A string containing the URL from which this version of the
	package can be downloaded.

+ ***Platform***: A comma-separated list of platform specifications, summarizing
	the operating systems supported by the package which are not listed
	in the "Operating System" Trove classifiers.

+ ***Description***: A longer description of the package that can run to several
	paragraphs.

+ ***Keywords***: A list of additional keywords to be used to assist searching
	for the package in a larger catalog.

+ ***Home-page***: A string containing the URL for the package's home page.

+ ***Classifier***: Each entry is a string giving a single classification value
	for the package.


## Versión 1.1

[pep-0314](http://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0314/)

The next fields have not been taken:

+ ***Supported-Platform***
+ ***Requires***
+ ***Provides***
+ ***Obsoletes***

Neither the next ones because they are only useful on Python since they are
added to pages on packages index:

+ ***Description***
+ ***Classifier***

The field ***Name*** has been substituted by ***Project-name*** and
***Package-name***.  
The field ***License*** needs a value from the map *license*.

It has been added ***Project-type***, and ***VCS***.

For *Classifier* see on [http://pypi.python.org/pypi?%3Aaction=list_classifiers](
http://pypi.python.org/pypi?%3Aaction=list_classifiers).

